Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
This is completly my fault, but due to us not having class this previous Thursday, I didn't end up consulting with any other classmates on this assignment. I don't really know anyone in this class, so wasn't sure the best way to reach out to someone to work with. For future assignments I will definetly make sure to connect with people earlier about this. 
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
I attended the 7-9pm TA hours on February 18.
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
I think that Java is definitely still confusing to me but it's slowly becoming more familiar. I think a lot of this, however, has to do with the object-oriented programming style, not necessarily with Java in particular becuase doing the previous assignment in Python was similarly difficult. I think that in general, object oriented programming just requires a lot more planning in advance which has been a bit frustrating as I'm not super confident in how to write a lot of code in Java right now.
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
To me, Python felt easier because it runs top to bottom, and more similarly mimics my natural train of thought. Also, for certain tasks, it has been so confusing to try and recreate what I already know how to do in python in Java. For example, on this assignment, when I was trying to implement an input function, I knew exactly how to do it in python but had to review the class slides to remember the Java method. Luckily, this will improve with more Java experience, and even by the end of this A3 assignment, I felt much more knowledgeable about how to do certain things in Java.
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
I think that I was very overwhelmed when beginning this assignment, because even though I had the template, there seemed to be so many different pieces to the end product. I really appreciated the video that talked through the project, because I find that I understand things much better when I can hear them versus just reading instructions.  Going to TA hours also ended up being super helpful so I would definialy reccomend that. I had gotten really stuck on how to get the responses to fill and replace certain words (e.g. "I" to "you"), but one of the spinelli tutors was super helpful and I ended up figuring it out.
